RHDG terminology (#150)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/c.adoc

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[cross-site-replication]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Cross-site replication (noun)

Reviewer: Cross -> cross

> *Description*: A service that allows data back up across locations. Clusters running in different locations can transfer state from one cluster to another.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A configuration that allows Data Grid clusters to form a global view and back up data across geographically disperse locations. Multiple clusters running in different data centers replicate data between each other to ensure business continuity in the event of an outage and to present a single, unified caching service to applications.
```

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Incorrect forms*: xsite
```
